post 531 actions - deprecating gist:symbolUnicode and gist:symbolHtml (#1040)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/531-extend-symbol-predicates.md

  - Deprecated `gist:unitSymbol`, `gist:unitSymbolHtml` and `gist:unitSymbolUnicode`. 

>   - Added predicates: `gist:symbol`, `gist:symbolHtml` and `gist:symbolUnicode`.
>   - Added symbol triples for existing units, anticipating the removal of `gist:unitSymbol`.
>   - Deleted  `gist:symbolUnicode` and `gist:symbolHtml` since they were added within this change - see above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added predicate `gist:symbol`.
  - Added symbol triples for existing units, anticipating the removal of `gist:unitSymbol`.
```

Note: you don't need to mention deletion when they were added in this release. From the user's perspective they simply never existed. The actual changes are the deprecation of 3 predicates and the addition of one.

Reviewer: Note also that line 3 should have "Extended" rather than "Extending."
